because I wanted to leave well was in favor and in fine arts out there is the
phone number
in the ariza reservation so we're going to go with all the nice people that
is supporting a tremendous way
of which I was delighted to love us we want a lot of rebound
who will not be in marketing and feya ayala and is a great woman of the man of
communication that your program is a rumor program seen from television
latina projected
and is a woman who has received a lot of recognition for this work
he presented it in verse I say it without protocol always with right judgment
presents closed case and is already ana maría bovo
zulema let him hicieren and endure to holland and so I fight avilés him
tributar motorola yes yes like he likes the fashion now valid to the greater gasoline
work to return to your vice ovalle the divine visionary aedes does not happen
this prediction to go back up laredo what goes down goes up and
I forced them to return their son to all citizens around their age
he had also gone unnoticed to try to stop work must be worked
I'm fine
in your XV happy to be here with you
I do not believe it
the proud ovalle of you
and of all those who participate who programmed
study French what you want is a program that is very successful
he knew to be delighted to have a program that people love him so much
people follow them so many
Per hundred I guess for a person like you
in a sexy has meant a pressure due to such an illustrious family
was I was reading my fight to anyone and here says it tells me that you are you
you come from the family of
little public mountain by the strip of gaza
together with what we will speak polokwane
looks in each case we are all relative and zamora related where this has been
easy to get where you have arrived
not nothing and peace and nothing easy in life nothing easy
they favor elián de guanare the year 61
against those two years of age
for one hundrerd
we live in puerto rico china said I feel puerto rico
Puerto Rican year photos this year in puerto rico my formative years that
they were very special I saw
very important
after 70 and miami events are returned we are here I studied etc
first study a degree in political science
to the fayum kibati does politics that I do not do not say how in preparation for
to study law
apparently the stolen car
silva has just approved a new ordinance
empathy years of secret weaponry knowledge night day laws worked and
full-time full workshop and at night I was elected to bs see here to mb and you have to
win could be
we had started with the red
stuck to an intimate ball to see
today that surely many people who know me know in which married couple
the corner place
Dove right now I'm lonely
this was the case and he always received a lack
always open to dialogue that I would have to vote for example that you
I would like it
avoid offer type you would like
there is no lack of romance, no English passed, and another passion
passion if we have success options in the country and passion is very important
in the life and work of everything that is done with passion
each helicopter and a knife a rhetorical question
the common how do you find people who are incorporated
I really think that again I do not know
you know it I do not know it does not do it there is a production team I can tell you
something like that
when he started the program that was kneaded of couples
he remembers if we're going to turn eight on the air now we're going to turn eight
At the beginning it was difficult, I imagine myself for the production team because
nobody knew we will be made a couple who do not like
but since we've been there for a longer time and since I received a lot of correspondence,
many people want a lot of people have 10 olvera and their problem saw it with the
family take tights what is scheduled to pose
photo ap obama d
in this type
look I have learned over time a tense
it's not so bad to share with a plus with an audience
certain things
that are intimate as therapy
as a therapy
it's not so bad percent I've realized that the public receives the
information
last tip
child mexico only had additive bootees populism some things and
for an intimate thing if I share it with the public
I propose in the act
felicia some fidelity input and a pathos things indicated
good as for example the post as for example as an example of
the people could command at this stage papa
obama said the absolute fanatical badalones fatigue of cupcake
Brazil what I like so much cupcake
Per hundred send me a sense of humor that for her has resented
morse but there's a thing like that and a half south and enlist age
and I like that something like the un like as ula to a surplus world yes
there is something very little
now
Arabica coffee beech demand will give you a
it was a blank check to follow
you know there's break to record adame totally surreal
I wish there was a moment what happened
for pipes and you think you should have in your program
we go to a goal of koke we inhabit
dissident cgt
I understand what you are saying as the memorable progressed
and added in the note
It was agreed last night
the actress who played
besides that you do not want to really want to have a clear head that
do not kill the latent creed of sale micena obama
it was said today that the gándara has read could not control it from speech
occur
what nonsense
I won the tide is not going to end in closed case not that you did not hear it
wounded
lobao that they have a good solid relationship yes it will be a people
who has struggled to get where they are
all Cuban hamas in the village noiesa you believe or of the night convinced that
yes because in you only once 1 hour of arrival of man in his ability to
express that as a speaker
percent
you know what the government gives you but I feel good
with maturity
has Cuban blood yipsi pou listeners a second time love is going second
moment so that little by little the fact went to more and that it touched yesterday to approve in a
moment an even more
complicated for the actress in a certain way on a subject like something
it's the moment of mourning yes, I really want the world to change
the Buenos Aires bugle
the interannual index
jorge vera ayala
terrible to expand the time in a program and respect program ali teeth